---
path: '/{{slug}}'
date: 10-21-2014
title: Oxygen!
author: Jon
---
Oxygen, Beautiful Oxygen! Everyone is looking for the latest newest thing to optimize their health. I would like to reintroduce you to the simplest of all things oxygen.  How important is it? Oxygen helps:  Creates energy (defeats fatigue)  Aids in digestion  Cleans & detoxifies the system  Metabolizes fats & carbohydrates  Transports gases across cell membranes  Makes hormones & proteins  Regulates pH  Maintains a strong immune system Here are a few quotes from experts: “Cancer has one prime cause. The replacement



coupons for cialis/ viagra pill/ cialis retail price/ http://canadapharmacy-drugnorx.com// http://realviagraforsale-rxonline.com/

of normal oxygen respiration of the body’s cells by an anaerobic (oxygen-deficient) respiration.” -Dr. Otto Warburg ~ 1883-1970, Winner Nobel Prize 1931 “Starved of oxygen the body will become ill & if this persists it will die.” -Dr. John Muntz “In all serious disease we find a low oxygen state. Hypoxia in the tissues is the fundamental cause for all degenerative disease.” -Dr. Stephen Levine, Oxygen Deficiency: A Concomitant to All Degenerative Illness Try this: Sit-up straight and breathe. Now hunch over and breathe. The difference is obvious. Proper posture is the best way to maintain proper breathing. Wow study: Did you know that your ability to take a full breath after age 20 decreases 5-20% per decade. So how does Chiropractic help? With chiropractic adjustments the ribcage can open and close efficiently as tight intercostal muscles are relaxed. Next time you get adjusted pay close attention to how much easier you can breathe afterwards. Also if you get a chance to watch someone get adjusted, watch for the huge change in the motion of their rib cage. Also with chiropractic care you can improve your posture which in turn allows for better breathing.
