---
path: /post-one
date: 01-13-2015
title: No Pain? Why go to a Chiropractor?
author: Jon
---

**No Pain? Then why go to a Chiropractor?**
A common question I get from patients is why should I go to a chiropractor when I have no pain or symptoms?
Or in other words why should I get adjusted all the time? So the question really is what are the benefits of
chiropractic care BESIDES pain relief.
If we are talking about an injury, the false assumption is that the injury is healed once the pain is gone. That
doesn’t make any sense. Think about a broken bone. A fracture hurts like crazy for a few days and then it gets
placed in a cast and it doesn’t hurt, but it still takes several weeks to heal. That is also true for soft tissue/joint
injuries. Consider a sprained ankle. Hurts like crazy and then it may never heal properly, but again it doesn’t
hurt. DC’s are “rehabing” injuries to restore proper function versus just pain relief.
Chiropractors want to maintain and maximize your health, NOT wait until you are SO sick, ill or injured that it
becomes difficult, if not impossible to regain your health. Just think of working out, dental care or car tune-ups,
we all know we shouldn’t wait until we’re 20lbs overweight, until our teeth fall out or until our engine seizes.
The answer to health is to be proactive, not reactive. Chiropractic works the same way.
So how can I tell if I am getting any benefit if I don’t have any pain?
Fair enough. So let’s take a look at what kind of changes most patients experience or can expect with
CONSISTENT & REGULAR chiropractic care. Results will vary based on the starting point of an individual’s
health. With that said here are some things we CAN measure.
Check these after each adjustment, weekly or monthly.

- Pain Level (Decreased pain & recurrance of pain)
- Range of motion of your neck, rib cage and low back (you should notice better pain free motion)
- Posture (Check looking a full length mirror or use picture to check)
- Breathing (easier and increased breaths)
- Blood Pressure (Check after visits and long term)
- Sleep Patterns (Length of time you sleep & more restful)
- Stress level drops
- Diet, exercise and weight changes
- (changing your awareness of health often motivates patients to make healthier choices)
- Fewer Colds (as your immune system functions better, you should get sick less often)
- Fewer Headaches
- Decrease your need for pharmaceutical drugs
- Possible avoid surgery
- Increased energy level
- Overall just feel better!

So if you are interested in any or all of these health benefits chiropractic care is an excellent choice.
